Aweossmoesaifupdf tascitcall TO-DOO LEEIIIISSSTTTTTT

Content!!!:
	Environments:
		Ninja Poles
		Compressing on the sides
		Wrecking Ballz
		(Inspo from official Smash and Rivals of Aether stages)
	Weapons:
		Yo-Yo
		Shovel (Heavy Spear)
		Sword (Heavy)
		Staff (forward and back, light damage, entire weapon)
		Umbrella (attack and defend) [no secondary for switching combat type, plus slow fall]
		Hammer
		Rake
		Evil Cloud (no weapon, but there's a fart cloud instead)
		Body (hit people with yourself)
		The Axe (Cascade)
		Weedwhacker (rotating thing on the end of it)
		Spring Arm (like from ARMS [woah oh oh oh, woooahhh oh oh oh, woahhhhhh oh oh])
		Nunchaku (weedwhacker but less fast and short range)
		Charge Laser (thru environment)
		
	Secondaries:
		Wall Jump
		Double Jump
		Ghosting (invincibility [+ invisibility?], but you fall through the entire environment if not careful) -> (on that note probably should make it clear which platforms are ghostable)
		Dash (Celeste!!!!)
		Ender Pearl
		Shield
		Create Wall / Platform
		Medkit / Overheal
		Counter (stop all momentum, shine a light)
		Air Blower / Cannon
		Bucket?!? (why would you want this one?)
		
		Ranged stuff(?):
			Bow (charge shot)
			Ricochet
			Slingshot (immediate charge up, low damage but fast)
			Gun (one-shot, because what did you expect)
			Meteor Strike (very slow and obvious, but huge damage)
	
	Random Modifiers:
		No HP, knockback (like SSBU!)
		# might want to these resources nerd:
			Why?
			Icons
			Text + Formatting
			Script?
		Zero-G is horrible, needs addiitions:
			temp walls
			Unlock player rotation
		Low-G rather than zero-g
		BIG (and smol)
		All of SSBU's special modifiers
		

Multiple time-out events (make time out change color when close to ending):
	Rain fire from the sky (Heck from above) (or Rain World lol)
	Falling Sky (Chicken Little)
	Floor is lava

Content additions:
	Character Scaling (find safe way to modify RigidBody2D Scale, or a specific and easy way to modify collider, floorbox, and wallboxes)
	Flail Length
	Add GrooveJoint2D for pull-in push-out mechanic? (there's already not a lot of room on the keyboard)


Cascade Version of Physics:
	Velocity-based damage
	Player moves more violently based on weapon:
		(not in original, poke hits, aka minimum damage if no velocity)
	Knockback
	Armor

Exclusively Player and Exclusively Weapon Platforms
Fall-through platforms with down
Jump pads (for environment)
Spike Zones (also environment)
Weapon, Secondary, and Player Colorization

Choice to mirror opponent
Shift for precise movement (all characters though?... remember the lack of buttons...)
Minor Damage Hitboxes (Cascade's Axe had two, front was bigger, back was smaller, should do more damage when hitting with front)
Cascade Damage System (more velocity = more damage)
Time Freeze on Hit 
Knockback on Hit? (was unreliable in Cascade...)
	What about reverse weapon velocity (at 60%) on hit??? wuhhh huhhhhh huhh wahhh???
Disarming: When weapon is taken out of a certain radius of the player, player loses control of weapon
	Done whether by accident or skill on opponent's part)
	With a button and controlled velocity, could instead be a "throw" and used towards player advantage
		This would also include the need for the player to regain control of a weapon (possibly even opponents' weapon?)
			Multiple weapon holding?
		Would also include the need for damage without weapon (aka bodying lol)
Difference between "Poke" damage and "Slam" Damage
Sum damage in Gold (like StS), at least for some kind of training dummy
Reverse weapon (animation, pop up, 180 rotate mid-air, fall back into hands), 
	Must be at a stable velocity??
Crouching (smaller hitbox, use an Animation, slower movement, 1/2 jump)

Tiny Perfection of Movement:
	Celestially tight, but not rigid movement (96% of max speed by one sec, 100% by two)
		Like the GMTK platformer tutorial
	Variable Jump Height
		While holding Jump, apply constant (decreasing) force upward
		When jump is released, can_jump is false
		Also requires use of CeilBox:
			on hit, y vel = 0
			Cannot hit one-way platforms (might alright be satisfied, but worth checking)
			
	
	Aerial movement, doesn't go to 0 when not using keys
	
	Test turning weapon gravity to 0, seems to have a lot more control (why did I take it off??)

Online Multiplayer??? (way far future, but worth making a small project to test)
Story Mode (like World of Light) - has a like .001% chance of ever happening tbh lol
	Though, brings to mind the enemies of Cascade (+ new additions like)
		Ghost, Zombie, Projectiler (and whatever other ideas I had on Cascade)
Shop (to buy new characters, modifiers, weapons, secondaries [attachments???])
Soccer Mode? lol
Gun Mayhem as starting point
Ultra-performance mode (literally just hitboxes and nothing else)
Color Picker

There is always a need on the To-Do list to sort the To-Do list.

Bugs:
	Sometimes cannot jump right off the bat (can_jump is false, but why???????)
	

Devlog: 
	
